Add Digital Ocean Cloud Instructions for Kubernetes (#1192)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: doc/source/digital-ocean/step-zero-digital-ocean.rst

.. _digital-ocean:

Step Zero: Kubernetes on Digital Ocean
--------------------------------------

You can create a Kubernetes cluster `either through the Digital Ocean website, or using the Digital Ocean command line tools <https://www.digitalocean.com/>`_.

This page describes the commands required to setup a Kubernetes cluster using the command line.
If you prefer to use the Digital Ocean portal see the `Digital Ocean Get Started <https://www.digitalocean.com/products/kubernetes>`_.

#. Prepare your Digital Ocean shell environment.
   
   a. **Install command-line tools locally**. You'll need at least v1.13.0. 

>      You can either follow the `installation instructions <https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/blob/master/README.md>` or use the commands below:

Reviewer: Let's correct the indentation for the a/b/c. See `View file` for a better view of this.

     .. code-block:: bash

        wget https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/releases/download/v1.13.0/doctl-1.13.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz
        tar -xvf doctl-1.13.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz
        sudo mv doctl /usr/bin/

     b. Create an API token on the Digital Ocean portal. Navigate to API then Generate New Token.

     c. Connect your local CLI with your account:

     .. code-block:: bash

        doctl auth init

#. Create your cluster.

>    Digital Ocean's kubernetes support is in beta so you'll need to run the following (add it to your .bashrc if you want to make this change permenant).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Digital Ocean's use of doctl for kubernetes support is in beta so you'll need to run the following (add it to your ``.bashrc`` if you want to make this change permanent).
```

      doctl k8s cluster create jupyter-kubernetes --region lon1 --version 1.12.1-do.2 --node-pool="name=worker-pool;count=3

#. Export your cluster config.
   You can change the default location from $HOME/.kube by setting the KUBECONFIG environment variable.

   .. code-block:: bash

      mkdir -p ~/.kube
      doctl k8s cluster kubeconfig show bindertime-k8s > ~/.kube/config

#. Create an ssh key to secure your cluster.

   .. code-block:: bash

      ssh-keygen -f ssh-key-<CLUSTER-NAME>

   It will prompt you to add a password, which you can leave empty if you wish.
   This will create a public key named ``ssh-key-<CLUSTER-NAME>.pub`` and a private key named
   ``ssh-key-<CLUSTER-NAME>``. Make sure both go into the folder we created earlier,
   and keep both of them safe!

   .. note::

      This command will also print out something to your terminal screen. You
      don't need to do anything with this text.

#. Check if your cluster is fully functional

   .. code-block:: bash

      kubectl get node

   The response should list three running nodes and their Kubernetes versions!
   Each node should have the status of ``Ready``, note that this may take a
   few moments.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. _digital-ocean:

Step Zero: Kubernetes on Digital Ocean

> ----------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: rST headings should match the length of the underscores.

You can create a Kubernetes cluster `either through the Digital Ocean website, or using the Digital Ocean command line tools <https://www.digitalocean.com/>`_.

This page describes the commands required to setup a Kubernetes cluster using the command line.
If you prefer to use the Digital Ocean portal see the `Digital Ocean Get Started <https://www.digitalocean.com/products/kubernetes>`_.

#. Prepare your Digital Ocean shell environment.
   

>    * **Install command-line tools locally**. You'll need at least v1.13.0 to be able to new the kubernetes control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Install command-line tools locally**. You'll need at least v1.13.0.
```

>    * **Install command-line tools locally**. You'll need at least v1.13.0 to be able to new the kubernetes control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. **Install command-line tools locally**. You'll need at least v1.13.0 to be able to new the kubernetes control. 
```

     You can either follow the `installation instructions <https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/blob/master/README.md>` or use the commands below:

     .. code-block:: bash

        wget https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/releases/download/v1.13.0/doctl-1.13.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz
        tar -xvf doctl-1.13.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz
        sudo mv doctl /usr/bin/

>      Then run the following command to connect your local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     c. Connect your local
```

     CLI with your account:

     .. code-block:: bash

        doctl auth init

>      b. Create an API token on the Digital Ocean portal. Navigate to API then Generate New Token.

Reviewer 2: b. follows c. typo

Reviewer: Let's put the token creation before the auth init.

>      Before you do so you'll need to create an API token on the Digital Ocean portal. Navigate to API then Generate New Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     b. Create an API token on the Digital Ocean portal. Navigate to API then Generate New Token.
```

> #. Create your cluster.

Reviewer: Let's verify that the beta environment variable is needed now.

Author: It was last week. Even though the service is out of beta I think the `doctl` support is still not. I will double check though.

Author: Yep. Still in beta on master (and the latest release). https://github.com/digitalocean/doctl/blame/1bc1c5ec221e0492848fca2fdae124edcd9c7c8b/commands/kubernetes.go#L86
